Add ServiceWorker.postMessage (#24494)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/serviceworker/index.md

_The `ServiceWorker` interface inherits methods from its parent, {{domxref("EventTarget")}}._

- {{domxref("ServiceWorker.postMessage()")}}

>   - : Sends a message — consisting of any JavaScript object — to the service worker. The message is transmitted to the service worker using a {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.message_event", "message")}} event on its global scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Sends a message — consisting of any [structured-clonable](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Structured_clone_algorithm) JavaScript object — to the service worker. The message is transmitted to the service worker using a {{domxref("ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.message_event", "message")}} event on its global scope.
```

## Events

- {{domxref("ServiceWorker.statechange_event", "statechange")}}

>   - : Thrown anytime the {{domxref("ServiceWorker.state")}} changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Fired when {{domxref("ServiceWorker.state")}} changes.
```

> - {{domxref("ServiceWorker.error_event", "message")}}

Reviewer: Does this want to be `message` or `error`? I think `error`, yes?

Author: Yes, fixed.

>   - _ Thrown if an error happens inside the `ServiceWorker` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Fired when an error happens inside the `ServiceWorker` object.
```
